okay the purpose of this video is to
walk you through definitions of clone
display and extended desktop and when
you would use each configuration
basically clone display is what it's
meant by a clone is what you see on the
monitor is the same image that's
projected on the screen it's both
screens of course so you would use this
for PowerPoint and any other time you
want the same image on both the monitor
here and there in order to use
presentation manager you switch to
extended desktop and and here's how you
do it you move cursor over to this icon
and you double click on it this is your
video configuration software and you
click set up multiple displays so here's
what you're presented with here quite
simply to move from clone display where
we were click on this to a alright so
you click on it right here they're
clicking then you're right click and you
select clone which is you're actually
deselecting it
select this monitor one right click call
it primary this is the AV Council
monitor that's the dell display here and
then select apply so this takes you to
extended mode so screen flashes a few
times just wait for it and then say yes
to this message keep the settings
there's a time around so you got to be
quick alright so what you'll see here is
the 11 Asterix on the primary managers
one always make that one make the one
monitor the primary and then two then on
the screen up here you'll see the blank
desktop or workspace some some people
call it so you're all set for
presentation manager so you can go ahead
and close this out
and if you want to go back to clone mode
again double click this icon select set
up multiple displays select this monitor
one right click check clone switches to
2a 2b and apply and again you'll get a
message say yes keep it and then you can
close this window and your back to clone
display you see how the monitor it's the
same that's on the screen
and however you turn off the computer is
the same configuration that it'll start
up in so it's important to be able to
identify what configuration you have
when you start it and then make the
switch according